money boo
the sky
that's born
the CT scan
we just got out of church
we're redoing our keys so I put half
okay good - all right let's pie daddy
hoping Piper with her okay all right
here you go up let's take this off
nope okay let me move my back
okay guys so start preparing the house
for Marquis to be in the hospital and I
need to go by the store and he's never
turned out and I am using today as any
sort of surgery prep day I guess and
honestly I don't really want to do any
of the things that opted to go but I
definitely need to get some things
straightened out because we have some
people that are going to be coming in
and up there's going to be people coming
in out of the house while I'm in the
hospital with Marquis and I would just
would like things to be easy to find
clean and orderly and it's already kind
of not the most ideal situation because
our air is still out so the only part of
the house that is relatively cool and
tolerable is the living room where the
window units are so anyway I'm going to
spend a little while kind of cleaning up
straightening up finishing laundry
folding clothes all that kind of normal
stuff and then I need to go to the
grocery store I need to get some food
for the week make sure the kids are
covered in the food department I need to
go by the ATM I need to get some cash
out and make sure that I have cash to
send to school because I'm gonna let
Zoey and Piper by this week at school
because I'm not going to be here to pack
lunches and I don't want to put that on
anybody else to have to pack lunches for
them so that's just gonna make things
easier I will probably pack their lunch
or one of their lunches for Monday
because I will be here tonight
to lunch tomorrow but anyway that is the
plan we have to be in the hospital at
5:00 a.m. on Tuesday so I've got a
little over 24 hours to kind of get
things smooth and the way that I like
them and in order Jesus in here working
on the Polacks
Piper's supposed to be working on stuff
but I think I told them they can have a
few minutes of playtime
Eden is in here hanging out where it's
cool huh so he's over here playing you
look very pretty today Zoey let's do
this I am at the grocery store I know I
can't remember anything
I left the list at home and like
anything that I was supposed to get it
has left my brain it is gone you need
insurer yes I know that skim milk
it's this way oh I always think of
Cullen and Katie every time I see the
high cheese because they like the height
you so much no sit on your baby please
sit on your bottom thank you they're
called high shoes there's minions over
there on the TV so of course they're in
banana mode y'all I'm always terrible at
picking out cards I never know which one
and then I always end up reading all of
them and I end up spending like an hour
in the card section hey guys so they got
these little mystery pack things because
I'm gonna do a video on them for you
guys
but they wanted to have one now and go
ahead and open it here you go cool which
one did you get Piper parody video
pretty and hang on to the thing cuz I
think there's something else in there
for you all to do with them okay
so we got everything in the car I got
these like little My Little Pony mystery
packs I really want to do a video for
you guys on my other channel I've been
trying to get enough videos compiled so
I can so I have enough content to put up
for you guys like right away I have not
I have not launched my new channel for
those of you who have been asking I have
not launched it yet it is just in the
works when I do official launch it I
will let you guys know the name and the
link and all of that good stuff but yeah
now we're going to go home and unload
groceries and
no we're gonna go home and unload
groceries and we're gonna click look
okay guys so I'm gonna go go
it has been a crazy long day tomorrow is
certain to be even longer because I have
a lot more that I have to get done
tomorrow and marques has it his doctor's
appointment and we get to hear a little
bit more about surgery it's gonna be an
interesting day you know please keep him
in your prayers and on your thoughts and
just I agree for my sanity as well
because there's a lot going on and I'm
just I'm just very like a little
overwhelmed so anyway I will talk to you
guys tomorrow like always I'm happy guys
are all doing awesome thank you guys so
so much for subscribing I want you guys
to know I read every single comment that
you guys put down below even if I can't
respond I promise that I'm reading them
and anyway your prayers and love and
support is so much appreciated and I
love each and every one of you guys and
yeah that's all I really can say about
it
the way
stand
sure